Venezuela's economic crisis has become
so bad that people are now eating wild
animals they can find the price of items
continues to rise so dramatically
citizens simply can't keep up
hyperinflation is taking over and people
are suffering you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
let's get into this today looking at
Venezuela I also want to talk about
Greece and some other issues beginning
with this after suffering months of
merciless shortages of food medicine
Venezuela's now face a new problem as a
result of the economy's collapse they
can't even get passports they need to
leave the country now talk about a
travel ban when they can't even get
passports Venezuela's bankrupt
government does not have the money to
import the materials and spare parts
needed for machines to make the
passports leaving thousands of citizens
without the possibility of travelling
abroad and it's basically this article's
your talks about the challenges they are
facing right now specifically with this
you also have the border between
Colombia and Venezuela that has been
reopened after a year I covered when
they closed that border and now here we
are approximately one year later where
they have reopened it traveling is
definitely a problem here and it's going
to be for the foreseeable future if this
continues I mean they don't even have
enough funds to repair their passport
making machines this is truly becoming
severe and then you get through an
article like this onto this one and it
makes you wonder what the heck is going
on
Venezuela's food crisis which by the way
to interject you know I've shown
is a lineup that people have to face the
food rationing it's become truly
something that will go down in the
history books that as well as food
crisis has gotten so bad that people are
apparently killing pink flamingos and
other protected animals in order to
stave off hunger look people do
desperate things you become desperate
when times are you know in these dire
straits well this is happening right now
I won't read you the whole article but I
will cover a few points flamingo hunting
is both illegal and uncommon in South
American nation investigators from this
particular University have noted in
these 20 cases of bird carcasses being
discovered with their breasts and torsos
removed so they're basically being
hunted and eaten and this would seem to
be you know to some rather normal
regardless the reason why this has taken
place is because people are suffering
flamingos aren't the only unusual animal
to become a victim of Venezuela's
worsening food crisis remains from
everything from dogs cats donkeys and
even giant ant eaters have been found in
the garbage bags and city dumps around
the country and just below this is
basically talking with the waste
disposal they were saying that you know
normally we find a couple little things
here and there but now we are really
getting used to seeing a lot of unusual
parts body parts and stuff from these
animals and it's absolute fact what's
happening and it is certainly really hit
another level when you try to intervene
on an economy you only make it worse
that is an absolute
fact the more intervention and there is
the worse things will get this is one
example now that's not exclusively what
has happened here in Venezuela that's
not the reason why everything is going
down but it definitely exacerbates the
issue it makes it worse every time and
that is something that people need to
understand they're always looking at
what's on the surface but never
addressing the root cause so hopefully
one day we'll come around the Greek
Prime Minister on Saturday warned the
IMF and the EU and Germany to stop
playing with fire over the debt problems
of Greece so basically what he said was
look we owe some money but chill out
that's pretty much the message we expect
as soon as possible that the IMF revives
its forecastle had discussions continue
at the technical level there has been
such a fight going back and forth
the IMF wants more austerity cut from
pensions cut from entitlement programs
and this is the fact the obvious fact
that those in Greece they don't want to
give up those pensions they don't want
to have entitlement reform but you have
those who are basically saying we simply
cannot afford it and even when they had
a referendum even when they said look
you decide do you want a bailout yes or
no we're willing to ask you and then
they voted and said no and immediately I
mean
I can't remember exactly off the top of
my head but it seemed like within a week
they accepted a bailout I mean they
don't care the government does not care
and it shows you who truly shows you
where this is all heading doctors for
Greece but for Europe and of course the
rest of the world switching gears into
something that I talk about regularly
when you browse online for a new pair of
shoes pick a movie or stream Netflix or
apply for a car loan an algorithm likely
has its word to say on the outcome this
covers all these different sort of
algorithms how they're affecting your
life they're basically suggesting that
the algorithms play a big big role in
all this technology that we are
influenced by on a daily basis I won't
get into the article all I wanted to
note was that computer algorithms are
running the stock exchanges all the
financial markets in fact and they are
able to literally and this is with
high-frequency trading as an example you
as an investor go to place your bid on
Apple stock at let's say $1 a share you
go to buy that stock it sees you're
going to buy it at $1 per share and it
actually buys it and sells it back to
you at $1 and one cent per share it's so
fast so intelligent that it's able to do
that successfully every single time that
is what we are dealing with that's the
kind of competition that we have now UK
even play simple trades without being
being
by technology and you are not on the
right side of that I assure you
we're always on the losing side if
you're not going to get into the ins and
outs but the Bank of Canada blockchain
test spotlight challenges okay
they're just suggesting that it's not
all good they're suggesting you know the
sort of the cons about blockchain I just
find it very interesting that the Bank
of Canada is discussing blockchain it's
interesting to see you know digital
cryptocurrency Bitcoin blockchain these
are all getting major attention at this
time that's all I wanted to say I know
that many of my subscribers you are into
Bitcoin thought I'd bring that to you
we'd like to know your thoughts on that
of course this right here is truly
upsetting and it seems like only in
Canada someone can get away with this
freedom granted to man who beheaded a
bus passenger in Canada so this guy gets
on a coach bus and he I guess he was
looked like he was a diagnosed
schizophrenic and he starts stabbing the
individual beside him and then he you
know we head to him he shows the head to
the other people who had fled the bus I
mean nobody from what I understand I I
couldn't read I only read this article
here and heard him on the news at the
time you know people fled the bus but it
from what I understand he they were
standing outside the bus watching it I
mean nobody's there to be helpful I mean
we're a disarmed country here obviously
can't do much I guess so this happened
back in 2008 but based on what I'm
reading in this article the individual
is then granted a citizenship four years
later
and that's absolutely shocking to me so
number one the guy kills guy brutally
it's confirmed it's him that's it
police got him he gets off because he
had schizophrenia and then at the same
time he's given a citizenship he's
allowed to get a citizenship like this I
mean this it's unbelievable you want to
get away with murder
apparently you have to go to Canada if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up last but not least
if you found the video informative I
know you will find my book the money GPS
even more informative you can actually
look through the book if you go over to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take care